[FIX] Social Marketing - Wrong description of feature (#17691)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/social_marketing/social_posts.rst

To utilize this field, click the :guilabel:`+ Add condition` button, which reveals an equation-like
rule field.

> In this equation-like rule field, specify the specific criteria Odoo should take into account when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this equation-like rule field, define the criteria Odoo should take into account when
```
optional (:
